.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. 

Please note we have a code of conduct, please follow it in all your interactions with the project.

## Pull Request Process

 1. Ensure any install or build dependencies are removed before the end of the layer when doing a 
   build.

 2. Update the README.md and any other documentation with details of changes to the interface, this includes new environment 
   variables, exposed ports, useful file locations and container parameters.

 3. Increase the version numbers in any examples files and the README.md to the new version that this
   Pull Request would represent. The versioning scheme we use is [SemVer](http://semver.org/).

 4. You may merge the Pull Request in once you have the sign-off of two other developers, or if you 
   do not have permission to do that, you may request the second reviewer to merge it for you.

Commit message:

More documentation, better help, init flag

.github/CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing

## How you can contribute

### Bug reports

When you think you might've experienced a bug, first search through the [issues](https://github.com/ts-docs/ts-docs/issues) to see if it has already been reported, if it hasn't, feel free to create an [issue](https://github.com/ts-docs/ts-docs/issues) which describes the bug in detail. Do not be afraid to give as much information as possible, and make sure to provide an example which replicates the bug in question.

- Make sure the name of your issue is clear and descriptive, avoid one-word issue names.
- Add the options you ran ts-docs with.


### Suggestions

If you have a suggestion, feel free to create an [issue](https://github.com/ts-docs/ts-docs/issues) describing the suggestion and the problems / issues it'll 
resolve. 

Suggestions which change the structure of the generated docs will be declined. If you would like a different structure, consider using [ts-extractor](https://github.com/ts-docs/ts-extractor) and generate the documentation yourself, or use an alternative to ts-docs, such as [typedoc](https://typedoc.org/).

### Pull requests

If you'd like to help out and contribute on fixing an issue or adding a new feature, create a pull request!

1. Fork this repository.
2. Make your changes.
3. Make sure to lint the code using eslint!
4. Submit a pull request!

If the branch you're working on has changed since you created the pull request, you will need to update your fork by running `git pull`.
