docsPages/Guides/CustomMarkdown.md, before:

---
name: Custom Markdown
order: 2
---

# Custom Markdown

You can use custom ts-docs markdown syntax in order to make your documentation more informative and prettier. You can use this syntax in custom pages and in jsdoc comments.

## References in codeblocks

If the language inside the codeblock is typescript or javascript, ts-docs will try to link every reference used in the code.

```ts
import { Generator } from "ts-docs";


const gen = new Generator({...});
gen.generate();
```

## Linking assets

If you want to have an image which comes from the `assets` folder, simply start the link of the image with `./assets` or `assets`. 

Example:
```markdown
[cute_kitty](./assets/images/cute_kitty.png)
```

## Text blocks

You can create warning, note or success text blocks with the following syntax:

|> This is a warning!

Example:
```markdown
|> This is a warning!
```
By default the text block is styled as a warning.

|>[note] This is a note!

Example:
```markdown
|>[note] This is a note!
```

|>[success] This is a success block!

Example:
```markdown
|>[success] This is a success block!
```

The style specifier (`[note|warning|success]`) must be RIGHT after the text block start.

## References

You can reference classes, interfaces, enums, type aliases, methods, properties, functions, constants, namespaces and modules by putting their name inside double square brackets, for example:

`[[Generator]]` becomes [[Generator]]

### Methods and properties

You can reference a property by adding a dot (`.`) and then the name of the property. 

`[[Generator.structure]]` becomes [[Generator.structure]]

You can reference a method by adding a dot (`.`), the method's name, and then `()` at the end.

`[[Generator.generate()]]` becomes [[Generator.generate()]]

### By path

ts-docs searches each module in order to find the name of the references, this could lead to inaccurate links, so you always can just provide the entire path to the item.

`[[extractor/extractor/TypescriptExtractor]]` becomes [[extractor/extractor/TypescriptExtractor]]

### Name aliases

You can also follow up a normal reference or a reference by path with `as ...` to change the text that gets displayed.

`[[Generator as TsDocsGenerator]]` becomes [[Generator as TsDocsGenerator]]

`[[ts-docs as the documentation generator]]` becomes [[ts-docs as the documentation generator]]

## Supported JSDoc tags

### `@link`

ts-docs supports the `@link` / `@linkplain` JSDoc tag, except it doesn't support properties / methods, name aliases and paths. It's not recommended to use `{@link}` in custom pages and documentation comments, it exists only for compatibility reasons.

### `@param`

Documents a method / function parameter, the parameter type WILL NOT be used by ts-docs. 

```ts
/**
 * @param a Parameter description... 
 *
*/
function doSomething(a: string) : void {
    // Code...
}
```

### `@example`

Documents an example.

```ts
/**
 * @example
 * 
 * ```ts
 * const myApple = new Apple("Ambrosia");
 * myApple.eat();
 * ```
 * 
*/

class Apple {
    kind: string
    constructor(kind: string) {
        this.kind = kind;
    }
}
```

### `@deprecated`

Any property or method with that tag will have a red "deprecated" tag, letting readers know that the method shouldn't be used.

### `@returns`

Documents information about the return value of a method. You can provide a type here, in case ts-docs isn't able to find it. 

### `@internal`

Omit an item from the documentation. This tag works for the following items:

- classes
    - class members (methods, properties, getters, setters)
- interfaces
    - interface members
- enums
    - enum members
- functions
- type aliases
- constants

**It doesn't work for namespaces.**

You also have to enable the `stripInternal` option.

### `@since`

Adds a `since` tag to the item that has the tag, along with a version name.

Example:

```js
/**
 * @since 1.0.1 
*/
function example() {
    //...
} 
```

### `@beta`

Adds a `beta` tag to the item that has the tag.

Commit message:

Start work on code tabs

docsPages/Guides/CustomMarkdown.md, after:

---
name: Custom Markdown
order: 2
---

# Custom Markdown

You can use custom ts-docs markdown syntax in order to make your documentation more informative and prettier. You can use this syntax in custom pages and in jsdoc comments.

## References in codeblocks

If the language inside the codeblock is typescript or javascript, ts-docs will try to link every reference used in the code.

```ts
import { Generator } from "ts-docs";


const gen = new Generator({...});
gen.generate();
```

### Code tabs

Use this if you want to provide code snippets in multiple languages, formats, styles, etc.

```js

```
```

## Linking assets

If you want to have an image which comes from the `assets` folder, simply start the link of the image with `./assets` or `assets`. 

Example:
```markdown
[cute_kitty](./assets/images/cute_kitty.png)
```

## Text blocks

You can create warning, note or success text blocks with the following syntax:

|> This is a warning!

Example:
```markdown
|> This is a warning!
```
By default the text block is styled as a warning.

|>[note] This is a note!

Example:
```markdown
|>[note] This is a note!
```

|>[success] This is a success block!

Example:
```markdown
|>[success] This is a success block!
```

The style specifier (`[note|warning|success]`) must be RIGHT after the text block start.

## References

You can reference classes, interfaces, enums, type aliases, methods, properties, functions, constants, namespaces and modules by putting their name inside double square brackets, for example:

`[[Generator]]` becomes [[Generator]]

### Methods and properties

You can reference a property by adding a dot (`.`) and then the name of the property. 

`[[Generator.structure]]` becomes [[Generator.structure]]

You can reference a method by adding a dot (`.`), the method's name, and then `()` at the end.

`[[Generator.generate()]]` becomes [[Generator.generate()]]

### By path

ts-docs searches each module in order to find the name of the references, this could lead to inaccurate links, so you always can just provide the entire path to the item.

`[[extractor/extractor/TypescriptExtractor]]` becomes [[extractor/extractor/TypescriptExtractor]]

### Name aliases

You can also follow up a normal reference or a reference by path with `as ...` to change the text that gets displayed.

`[[Generator as TsDocsGenerator]]` becomes [[Generator as TsDocsGenerator]]

`[[ts-docs as the documentation generator]]` becomes [[ts-docs as the documentation generator]]

## Supported JSDoc tags

### `@link`

ts-docs supports the `@link` / `@linkplain` JSDoc tag, except it doesn't support properties / methods, name aliases and paths. It's not recommended to use `{@link}` in custom pages and documentation comments, it exists only for compatibility reasons.

### `@param`

Documents a method / function parameter, the parameter type WILL NOT be used by ts-docs. 

```ts
/**
 * @param a Parameter description... 
 *
*/
function doSomething(a: string) : void {
    // Code...
}
```

### `@example`

Documents an example.

```ts
/**
 * @example
 * 
 * ```ts
 * const myApple = new Apple("Ambrosia");
 * myApple.eat();
 * ```
 * 
*/

class Apple {
    kind: string
    constructor(kind: string) {
        this.kind = kind;
    }
}
```

### `@deprecated`

Any property or method with that tag will have a red "deprecated" tag, letting readers know that the method shouldn't be used.

### `@returns`

Documents information about the return value of a method. You can provide a type here, in case ts-docs isn't able to find it. 

### `@internal`

Omit an item from the documentation. This tag works for the following items:

- classes
    - class members (methods, properties, getters, setters)
- interfaces
    - interface members
- enums
    - enum members
- functions
- type aliases
- constants

**It doesn't work for namespaces.**

You also have to enable the `stripInternal` option.

### `@since`

Adds a `since` tag to the item that has the tag, along with a version name.

Example:

```js
/**
 * @since 1.0.1 
*/
function example() {
    //...
} 
```

### `@beta`

Adds a `beta` tag to the item that has the tag.
